Twixt thy cousin and thee, Medusa is the prettier
Never use a wand of death.
They say that a wand of cancellation is not like a wand of polymorph.
They say that a wand of cancellation is like a wand of polymorph.
If you need a wand of digging, kindly ask the minotaur.
They say that Juiblex is afraid of a wand of digging.
A cockatrice corpse is guaranteed to be untainted!
Those who wield a cockatrice corpse have a rocky road ahead of them.
They say that with speed boots you never worry about hit and run accidents.
They say that speed boots aren't fast enough to let you walk on water.
They say that gauntlets of dexterity have a hidden enchanted touch.
They say that a helm of brilliance is not to be taken lightly.
They say that you can't break an amulet of reflection.
To reach heaven, escape the dungeon while wearing a ring of levitation.
A ring of conflict is a bad thing if there is a nurse in the room.
They say that applying a unicorn horn means you've missed the point.
They say that wielding a unicorn horn takes strength.
They say that you can defeat a killer bee with a unicorn horn.
They say that nobody expects a unicorn horn to rust.
They say that the unicorn horn rule is if it ain't broke then don't fix it.
They say that in time a blessed luckstone can make your god happy.
Wet towels make great weapons!
A blindfold can be very useful if you're telepathic.
Tired?  Try a scroll of charging on yourself.
They say that there was a time when cursed holy water wasn't water.
You can make holy water by boiling the hell out of it.
They say that a lembas wafer is a very light snack.
They say that eating royal jelly attracts grizzly owlbears.
They say that queen bees get that way by eating royal jelly.
They say that Medusa would make a terrible pet.
They say that a floating eye can defeat Medusa.
They say that everyone knows why Medusa stands alone in the dark.
They say that Medusa would like to put you on a pedestal.
They say that it's not blind luck if you catch a glimpse of Medusa.
They say that Demogorgon, Asmodeus, Orcus, Yeenoghu & Juiblex is no law firm.
They say that Demogorgon, Asmodeus, Orcus, Yeenoghu & Juiblex is no law firm.
They say that Juiblex is afraid of a wand of digging.
They say that Demogorgon, Asmodeus, Orcus, Yeenoghu & Juiblex is no law firm.
They say that the Wizard of Yendor has a death wish.
I'm watching you
They say that the Wizard of Yendor is schizophrenic and suicidal.
